I miss you, didn't you promise to get married?
Now they are clamoring to break off the marriage.
Do you want to go back to the city again?
Ruin the marriage between Sisi and Fuyang?
You are too vicious
I am already married to Mr. Zhou
How can it still destroy a trace of marriage?
You don't even have a marriage license
How could I believe that?
Are you getting married for real or fake?
Mrs. Si
Nian came back with Comrade Zhou to discuss the marriage contract
We can't because of the fault of adults
Let children be wronged in big things
Discussing marriage
Since you are getting married
Then why are you selling your job to a husband and wife?
Wife you do this
I don't blame my parents for thinking they want to seduce Fuyang
Nian Nian sold her job
It's for me and my child to have a good policy now
He has good academic records.
You should go to college
Zhou Yuesheng actually knew that I wanted to go to college
Go to college
His humble origins
Why do you want to go to college?
Nian Nian's birth is so low
Why can't my daughter go to college?
Mom didn't mean that
I just find it so frustrating to miss him
Have a good life
That's also the business of our old Lin family.
Don't bother your eldest lady
Please go back, Dad, oh, Sisi is enough
Oops Nian Nian
I really feel wronged by you.
Dad, there's still some money
It's like a wedding for you
After all, it happens once in a lifetime
No matter what, it has to be done.
Oh, oh, it's dead.
It's because I'm not promising with your dad that I implicate you
What are you talking about?
The marriage you made with dad is very good